# conda-forge/elevenlabs-feedstock-25 (original PR)

conda-forge/elevenlabs-feedstock (#25): [bot-automerge] elevenlabs v2.36.0

It is very likely that the current package version for this feedstock is out of date.

Checklist before merging this PR:
- [ ] Dependencies have been updated if changed: see [upstream](https://github.com/elevenlabs/elevenlabs-python)
- [ ] Tests have passed 
- [ ] Updated license if changed and `license_file` is packaged 

Information about this PR:
1. Feel free to push to the bot's branch to update this PR if needed.
2. The bot will almost always only open one PR per version.
3. The bot will stop issuing PRs if more than 3 version bump PRs generated by the bot are open. If you don't want to package a particular version please close the PR.
4. If you want these PRs to be merged automatically, make an issue with <code>@conda-forge-admin,</code>`please add bot automerge` in the title and merge the resulting PR. This command will add our bot automerge feature to your feedstock.
5. If this PR was opened in error or needs to be updated please add the `bot-rerun` label to this PR. The bot will close this PR and schedule another one. If you do not have permissions to add this label, you can use the phrase <code>@<space/>conda-forge-admin, please rerun bot</code> in a PR comment to have the `conda-forge-admin` add it for you.



Dependency Analysis
--------------------

Please note that this analysis is **highly experimental**. The aim here is to make maintenance easier by inspecting the package's dependencies. Importantly this analysis does not support optional dependencies, please double check those before making changes. If you do not want hinting of this kind ever please add `bot: inspection: disabled` to your `conda-forge.yml`. If you encounter issues with this feature please ping the bot team `conda-forge/bot`.

Analysis by grayskull shows a discrepancy between it and the the package's stated requirements in the meta.yaml.

### Packages found by grayskull but not in the meta.yaml:
- python >=3.9,<4.0
- python >=3.8.0,<4.0.0


### Packages found in the meta.yaml but not found by grayskull:
- python 3.10.*
- python >=3.10


<sub>This PR was created by the [regro-cf-autotick-bot](https://github.com/regro/cf-scripts). The **regro-cf-autotick-bot** is a service to automatically track the dependency graph, migrate packages, and propose package version updates for conda-forge. Feel free to drop us a line if there are any [issues](https://github.com/regro/cf-scripts/issues)! This PR was generated by https://github.com/regro/cf-scripts/actions/runs/22085426597 - please use this URL for debugging.</sub>
